updated how-to-use-openai-in-azure-ml.md (#115759)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-use-openai-models-in-azure-ml.md

> [!TIP] 
>Supported OpenAI models are published to the AzureML Model Catalog. View a complete list of [Azure OpenAI models](../ai-services/openai/concepts/models.md).

:::image type="content" source="./media/how-to-use-openai-models-in-azure-ml/model-catalog2.png" lightbox="./media/how-to-use-openai-models-in-azure-ml/model-catalog2.png" alt-text="Screenshot showing the Azure OpenAI models collection in the model catalog.":::

You can filter the list of models in the model catalog by inference task, or by finetuning task. Select a specific model name and see the model card for the selected model, which lists detailed information about the model. For example:

:::image type="content" source="./media/how-to-use-openai-models-in-azure-ml/model-card-turbo.png" lightbox="./media/how-to-use-openai-models-in-azure-ml/model-card-turbo.png" alt-text="Screenshot showing the Azure OpenAI model card in the Azure Machine Learning model catalog.":::

### Connect to Azure OpenAI service

> In order to deploy an Azure OpenAI model, you need to have an [Azure OpenAI resource](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/cognitive-services/openai-service/). You can create an Azure OpenAI resource following the instructions [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to deploy an Azure OpenAI model, you need to have an [Azure OpenAI resource](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/cognitive-services/openai-service/). You can create an Azure OpenAI resource following the instructions [here](../ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource.md).
```

Reviewer: This should fix the local link problem
